feat: add Forms recipe (#154)
wonderflow-bv/design: pages/design/recipes/forms.mdx

<Stack direction="row" columnGap={24}>
  <HintCard isBad image="/design/recipes/forms/placeholder-dont.png" />
  <HintCard image="/design/recipes/forms/placeholder-do.png" />
</Stack>

Masks can also simplify the experience, automatically formatting the data provided by the user. When a value is displayed in chunks, it makes it easier to find and correct a typo.

Always provide a keyboard type that matches the data you're asking for. Usually, seven input types are relevant to form design:

- **text** - normal keyboard
- **email** - normal keyboard with @ and .com
- **tel** - numeric 0-9 keyboard
- **number** - keyboard with number and symbols
- **date** - native device's date selector
- **datetime** - native device's date and time selector
- **month** - native device's month and year selector

Typing has a high interaction cost from a user's perspective, it's error-prone and time-consuming, even with a physical keyboard. These features can come in aid:

- **Autocomplete**
- **Autocapitalize** - excellent for names and street addresses, avoid it for - password fields

> - **Autocorrect** - good for chats, avoid for names, street addresses, passwords, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Autocorrect**: good for chats, avoid for names, street addresses, passwords, etc.
```

> - **Auto-filling** of personal details - when possible use the function of fille the - field based on previously entered values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Auto-filling** of personal details: when possible use the function for filling fields based on previously entered values.
```
